# MEETING NOTES
## 06/27/2023 @ 10:18

### **Outline:**
#### **Members attended**
* Nabil
* Vladdy
* Pete
* Alex  

We want to make a web-based application, specifically an expense tracker. We do not intend to scale this application to mobile devices (as of 06/27/2023). This application will explore hosting such that we can implement a user interface that will securely log in the client, then present them with their expenses as they have input them. The application will support visual representations of the input data. Some of these elements may be dynamic.

### **Ideas**
> Use a database
- SQL?
- non-SQL?
  - What is the difference?
    - SQL is a relational, table-based, database framework. Tables have rows and columns. Cell values may refer to other tables in the database.
    - non-SQL is a "document"-based framework. Documents in the database contain records, which may themselves be documents. Similar to how `JSON` objects work (since they are), or similar to how the dictionary data structure (in python) works. Basically, a database of "documents" containing information in the form of "files" containing `JSON` object(s). However, this can become nested in complicated ways, even mimicking the behavior of relational databases through "pointing" within the record.
  - For now, we do non-SQL, such as MongoDB
> Languages required
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- PHP? _(possibly)_
- JSON knowledge for MongoDB
- SQL _(iff needed)_
> What will it do?
- Take expenses of different types
- Categorize those expenses by at least those types
- Visualize the user-entered data in a tracker _(many types of charts to discover)_
  - Fidelity as an example
  - Banks too (PNC, BoA, etc)
> How is this project divided?
- Front end
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - PHP
  - JS?
- Back end
  - DB
  - _encrypt/authenticate_?
- Integration (JavaScript specialist)

### **Planning**
1. How long to complete the project?
2. Who works on what aspect of the project? _(Front,Back,Integ.)_
3. How will we hold ourselves accountable?
   1. > Low-hanging fruit
      - Due date (end of July ***[Monday, July 31 2023]***)
      - Planning management
        - Who does what?
          - Front end: Vladdy
          - Front end: Nabil
          - Integration: Alex
          - Back end: Pete
        - Secondary roles (except Integration)
          - Project Manager: Pete
          - Lead Dev (architect): Nabil
          - Quality Assurance: Vladdy
      - Still require Project Management solution
      - Periodic meeting (**Sundays _approx._ 9:00pm**)
        - Points of discussion
          - How ya feelin'?
          - What ya doin'?
          - Any issues?
          - What are you doing now/next?
            - This will be based on the management side of planning
